README.md, before:

# beerbot [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
>Slack Beer Bot for Build Failures

A Slack bot which will listen to channels and will automatically reply with a custom message and a gif generated from [giphy](http://giphy.com) when message matches the given pattern.

## Why?

Because the one which breaks the build have to bring beers for ALL the team!

![Build Broken Message](/assets/slack-jenkins.png?raw=true "Build broken")

So this is just to remind him with a message and a random beer gif:

![Lets get beers](http://media3.giphy.com/media/ixCowc31ZeKuIHuhFe/200.gif)

## Install

```sh
$ npm install --save beerbot
```

## Usage

### From configuration

```js
var BeerBot = require('beerbot');
var token = 'xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN'; // check the slack API doc

// let's have beers when the build is broken, and let's celebrate when it is back!
var options = {
  token: token,
  silent: false,
  logger: {
    level: 'info'
  },
  listeners: [
    {
      name: 'beerbot-giphy',
      listen_on: ['#jenkins'],
      reply_on: '#general',
      response: 'Build failure, let\'s have beer!',
      expression: /Failure after/,
      term: 'beer'
    }, {
      name: 'beerbot-giphy',
      listen_on: ['#jenkins'],
      reply_on: '#general',
      response: 'Yeah, build is back!',
      expression: /Back to normal after/,
      term: 'celebrate'
    }
  ]
};

var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.on('connected', function() {
  console.log('Bot is started');
});

bot.on('error', function(err) {
  console.error('Error while starting bot', err);
});

bot.start();
```

You can directly adapt and use ./bin/beerbot.js:

```sh
$ SLACK_TOKEN=xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN node bin/beerbot.js
```

### From the BeerBot API

```js
'use strict';

var BeerBot = require('beerbot');
var q = require('q');

var options = {
  token: 'xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN',
  silent: false,
  logger: {
    level: 'debug'
  }
};

var yoloOptions = {
  listen_on: ['#general'],
  reply_on: '#general',
  response: '... ',
  expression: /YOLO/
};

var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.listen('yolo', function() {
  return bot.q.resolve('YOLO');
}, yoloOptions);

bot.on('connected', function() {
  console.log('Yolo Bot is started');
});

bot.on('error', function(err) {
  console.error('Error while starting bot', err);
});

bot.start();
```

## API

### Beerbot

- Beerbot provides [q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q) and [request](https://github.com/request/request) so they can be use in plugins without requiring them.

``` javascript
var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.request('http://www.google.com', function (error, response, body) {
  if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
    console.log(body) // Show the HTML for the Google homepage.
  }
});
```

### Listener

#### Options

- listen_on: Array of channels to listen on. Note that this will not subscribe to channels if the beerbot is not already in the defined channels. It is just a filter to process message on defined channels when received.
- reply_on: The channel to send back response to. If not defined, the response is sent to the channel on which the message is received.
- response: The prefix to add to the response generated by your message handler.
- expression: The regular expression applied on the message. If the message matches the regex, the message handler is called.

## License

MIT © [Christophe Hamerling](http://chamerling.github.io)

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/beerbot.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/beerbot
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/chamerling/beerbot.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/chamerling/beerbot
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/chamerling/beerbot.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/chamerling/beerbot

Commit message:

Change options.expression to options.match which takes a regexp or a function as parameter

README.md, after:

# beerbot [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
>Slack Beer Bot for Build Failures

A Slack bot which will listen to channels and will automatically reply with a custom message and a gif generated from [giphy](http://giphy.com) when message matches the given pattern.

## Why?

Because the one which breaks the build have to bring beers for ALL the team!

![Build Broken Message](/assets/slack-jenkins.png?raw=true "Build broken")

So this is just to remind him with a message and a random beer gif:

![Lets get beers](http://media3.giphy.com/media/ixCowc31ZeKuIHuhFe/200.gif)

## Install

```sh
$ npm install --save beerbot
```

## Usage

### From configuration

```js
var BeerBot = require('beerbot');
var token = 'xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN'; // check the slack API doc

// let's have beers when the build is broken, and let's celebrate when it is back!
var options = {
  token: token,
  silent: false,
  logger: {
    level: 'info'
  },
  listeners: [
    {
      name: 'beerbot-giphy',
      listen_on: ['#jenkins'],
      reply_on: '#general',
      response: 'Build failure, let\'s have beer!',
      match: /Failure after/,
      term: 'beer'
    }, {
      name: 'beerbot-giphy',
      listen_on: ['#jenkins'],
      reply_on: '#general',
      response: 'Yeah, build is back!',
      match: /Back to normal after/,
      term: 'celebrate'
    }
  ]
};

var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.on('connected', function() {
  console.log('Bot is started');
});

bot.on('error', function(err) {
  console.error('Error while starting bot', err);
});

bot.start();
```

You can directly adapt and use ./bin/beerbot.js:

```sh
$ SLACK_TOKEN=xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN node bin/beerbot.js
```

### From the BeerBot API

```js
'use strict';

var BeerBot = require('beerbot');
var q = require('q');

var options = {
  token: 'xoxs-YOUR-TOKEN',
  silent: false,
  logger: {
    level: 'debug'
  }
};

var yoloOptions = {
  listen_on: ['#general'],
  reply_on: '#general',
  response: '... ',
  match: /YOLO/
};

var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.listen('yolo', function() {
  return bot.q.resolve('YOLO');
}, yoloOptions);

bot.on('connected', function() {
  console.log('Yolo Bot is started');
});

bot.on('error', function(err) {
  console.error('Error while starting bot', err);
});

bot.start();
```

## API

### Beerbot

- Beerbot provides [q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q) and [request](https://github.com/request/request) so they can be use in plugins without requiring them.

``` javascript
var bot = new BeerBot(options);
bot.request('http://www.google.com', function (error, response, body) {
  if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
    console.log(body) // Show the HTML for the Google homepage.
  }
});
```

### Listener

#### Options

- listen_on: Array of channels to listen on. Note that this will not subscribe to channels if the beerbot is not already in the defined channels. It is just a filter to process message on defined channels when received.
- reply_on: The channel to send back response to. If not defined, the response is sent to the channel on which the message is received.
- response: The prefix to add to the response generated by your message handler.
- match: The regular expression applied on the message or a function like function(message, bot) which must return a boolean. If the message matches the regex or if the function returns true, the message handler is called.

## License

MIT © [Christophe Hamerling](http://chamerling.github.io)

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/beerbot.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/beerbot
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/chamerling/beerbot.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/chamerling/beerbot
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/chamerling/beerbot.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/chamerling/beerbot
